What are the differences between C and Python?
Write a python program to search a specific value from a given list of values using binary search method.
Write a python program to arrange the characters of a given string 'welcome' in an alphabetical order using insertion sort algorithm.
Explain the types of methods available in python with a suitable example of each method.
Which are the different ways of creation of threads? Explain each with an example.
What are the differences between abstract class and interface? Write a python 
program in which Maruti and Santro sub classes implement the abstract methods of the super class Car.
What are the differences between abstract class and interface? Write a python program in which Maruti and Santro sub classes implement the abstract methods of the super class Car.
Write a Python program which will throw exception if the value entered by user is less than zero
Write a Python program to find reverse of given number using user defined function.

Write a Python program which will return the sum of the numbers in the array, returning 0 for an empty array. Except the number 13 is very unlucky, so it 
does not count and number that come immediately after 13 also do not count.
Example : [1, 2, 3, 4] = 10
[1, 2, 3, 4, 13] = 10
[13, 1, 2, 3, 13] = 5

Write a Python program which takes a list and returns a list with the elements "shifted left by one position" so [1, 2, 3] yields [2, 3, 1].
Example: [1, 2, 3] → [2, 3, 1]
[11, 12, 13] → [12, 13, 11]

Create a Python program to read a text file and do following:
1. Print no. of lines
2. Print no. of unique words
3. Store each word with its occurrence in dictionary

Write a Python program to implement the concept of echo server.

Is String a mutable data type? Also explain the string operations length,
indexing and slicing in detail with an appropriate example.

What do you mean by immutable data type? Explain immutable data types
with their operations and functions.

What are bugs? Write about different types of bugs. What steps will you 
perform to identify and remove the bugs in a python script?

Write a python program that creates a class Student having attributes 
{Enrollement_No, Name} and methods set_data that takes the values from the 
user and assigns them to attributes of the class and an operator overloading 
function that converts Student object to string. Also create an Class variable
student_count that will maintain the count of Student Instances and a method 
that will display this count.

Write a python program that implement Caesar encryption and decryption 
algorithm.

Write a Python program to check whether the given no is Armstrong or not
using user defined function.

Write a Python program to implement the concept of inheritance.

Write a Python program to overload + operator. 

What is lambda function in Python? Explain with an example

Write a Python program to count words, characters and spaces 
from text file

Give Difference between abstract class and interface in Python 
using an example

Develop chat application using Multithreading in Python

Write a python program to implement isPalindrome() function to 
check given string is palindrome or no.

Write a python program to implement linear search and binary 
search.
Write a python program to implement merge sort.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Write a Python program to match a string that contains only 
upper and lowercase letters, numbers, and underscores using 
Regular Expression

Write a Python program to find the substrings within a string 
using Regular Expression

Explain the creation of different types of containers available in Tkinter? 
Elaborate the explanation with suitable example.

Create following regular polygons (regular means all sides the same lengths, all 
angles the same) using for loop in turtle
 An equilateral triangle
 A square
 A hexagon 
 An octagon

Explain the major steps used to create widgets. Write a python program to 
display a label upon clicking a push button.

Write a Python GUI program to create three push buttons using Tkinter. The background color of frame should be different when different buttons are clicked.

Draw Circle and Triangle shapes using Turtle and fill them with 
red color


Write a python GUI program to implement calculator using 
Tkinter library.


